Generalize Add Zify to accept terms not just refs (#16868)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/04-tactics/16868-zify-term.rst

- **Added:** :cmd:`Add Zify` now accepts terms instead of references.

>   This is typically useful to do ``Add Zify InjTyp (inj_thing x)`` in
>   a section where ``x`` is a section variable without having to make
>   an intermediate definition for ``inj_thing`` (`#16868

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This lets you avoid creating intermediate definitions for terms
  that include section variables (such as ``x`` in ``(inj_thing x)``).
  Now you can use ``Add Zify InjTyp (inj_thing x)`` instead (`#16868
```

WDYT?  A bit more readable if the benefit appears at the beginning of the sentence so the reader immediately knows why they would care.
